---
layout: post
title:  "using vim for python c and bash scripts"
date:   2016-2-26 15:00:00
categories: side-project smart-is-shit
---
As before the general problem that I had when working on algorithm problems online is my data subscription limits. Either because I exceeded my "data budget" or my subscription expired. Needless to say, the internet service Smart provides is really terrible when it comes to their prepaid users. It reminds me of the Dialup days, which is a whole lot better considering the 1kbps speed my connections gives me. I wasted more than a few times calling their hotline. I've used nethogs, nload and netstat to check why I'm getting only 1-10kbps when my router states that I'm getting 60+kbps. This leads me to believe that Smart intentionally fools their customers thinking they had a better connection than what they provide by presenting false data in their router management software. 

Anyway, as I had to stay connected so as to be able to keep track of my progress. After more than a few times of being frustrated by their lousy service, I decided to solve the problems offline. Which of course, led me to working in the shell. Given the tedious nature of problem-solving, and my nature of being easily distracted, one thing led to another and in the end, I had updated my bash, vim and git configs. I blame the lack of a countdown counter. On another note, I get to practice my vim and bash -fu more. On a lighter note, a single char command now plays a random mp3 files in my media library. So yeah, in between listening to music while coding, I get distracted now and then by either a stand-up comedy act or podcast.

I think I'm getting bored out of my mind solving machine probs and reading related materials (intro to algorithms, thank you). While my review for ielts do tend to help ease the boredom/monotony, nothing beats the rush working on a large codebase with deadlines and postmortem worries. But anway, my ielts exam is in a week, for which I'm aiming to get at least a 9 for post grad studies. While I do get nearly perfect marks in the practice workbooks for the listening and reading skills, I worry about my writing and speaking skills. Yea, maybe I can practice them through job interviews. haha. call centers would be ideal. now there's a thought.
