---
layout: post
title:  "after two months I'm utterly broke"
date:   2016-2-13 11:03:44
categories: side-project laravel
---
Alright, so continuing from where I left off, I had temporarily stopped pursuing the ML thing. Mostly because I believe it just stops there. I made a few classifiers that could generally break down a case as to whether it is administrative, criminal, civil, and other type of disputes, as well as to identify and establish a relationship whether or not the decision is favorable to either parties. BUT... establishing relationships between cases requires more preparation of the data, and parameters that can be quantified (so called metric)  which can be used to create a useful training set (so we can establish relationships). I originally intended to identify cases where there is an evident flip-flopping of decisions/rulings made by the supreme court. But in the texts by itself, there already exists references to precedent cases, so the purpose of using ML to identify related cases is defeated. I haven't yet thought of other useful ways to go about this. I did try using [tensorflow][tflink] though, my brain got damaged a bit when I looked into the more technical aspects of it.

I've also started working on a project using laravel. In the process I had fun with BDD (Behavior drive development) using phpspec. Getting used to the new workflow is easier this time, since I've already worked with TDD in python I created that flask api project. But what's interesting when using phpspec is that most of the business logic can easily be debugged, and refactored without calling the functions in front-facing php files. it's easy enough to run a watch background service every time you save your changes and be alerted of your tests status (or vagrant-notify). Like symfony, there seems to be a plethora of command line tools to make your life easier in laravel (Artisan). One major thing that turned me off, is its custom vagrant box 'Homestead'. Aside from the fact that its nothing more than a wrapper for vagrant and it used up all of my data allowance because it comes with so much bloatware, transferring laravel from its homestead to my own environment also seems like a daunting process as I have to go through the needed configuration and dependencies to make it work. So yeah, Homestead spoils devs into thinking that deploying it is so easy. Perhaps that's why they also put up a paid service for deploying/maintaining them (forge/envoyer). ugh. Anyway, I still haven't finished this project so yeah, more to look forward to when I finally deploy this monster.

In the middle of this, however, my aunt had to be hospitalized for a surgery and there were a few things that I had to tend to (like taking care of her & shouldering the bills). My visa application is indefinitely suspended as the financial costs of her operation weighs heavy (bye, life savings). so yeah, I'm going to hate doctors & insurance agencies for a few months. Looks like I'm going to continue working in the country to save up once more.

Other days when not coding, I've been catching up on the walking dead, playing fallout 4, state of decay, or just plain reading the whole backlog of novels, xianxia and light-novels I've missed out on the past two years. Haha. I've also been writing a few chapters myself. I'll be off finding work again, as soon as my aunt gets back on her feet post-surgery.

[tflink]:https://github.com/dennybritz/cnn-text-classification-tf